Third brother is afraid of me
The fourth brother went to tell the third brother not to be afraid
I am here
And the rights my mother left me 30,000 the Imperial Army
Can be handed over to you together
Big brother really doesn't want to fight with you, fourth brother
Big brother really doesn't want to argue with you?
The people of the world matter
You know it.
So fourth brother
Wait for me for a while
I'll get you a soldier's talisman
big brother
It's too late.
How can you sleep tonight?
big brother
You see
Outside the house?
But it's all on fire
The fourth brother is the unity
big brother
You'll see in a minute.
How to choose the road here
big brother
Pick it up yourself
Ah!
Hahahaha
His Royal Highness the First Prince
My subordinates got the first prince's discount
He brought someone to kill him
Everyone is there
Really do it tonight
hands-on
The Emperor's Imperial Army has been comforted and controlled
Muze
You haven't been with the minister for a long time
Say it well
Father Emperor
Since the demon crossed Yuchun Pass
The second minister sank in the imperial kitchen all day
I want to make a living for the people
So
So far, I have no time to see my father
Father is not surprising
Hey
You did a great job.
You are for the people who have known
Good job.
only
Can't do chores like this
Look at you
All lost weight
The father is the position of the children and grandchildren
And how dare this disappoint his father?
You have been weak since you were a child
I don't know if it was when your mother gave birth to you
Infected with cold
The wind is always warm
At that time, Father wanted to take you to the imperial garden
Your mother is good
Wrap you up with only two eyes left
A zongzi spirit
Oh, dear.
That's your first time out to play
Be curious about everything
Turn East
Turn West
And finally.
Accidentally fell into the river, father
I remember it really clearly
Of course it's clear.
After going back that time
You catch a cold
He was crying.
Cry for me
The heart is like being held by someone
The dog that provoked your father to be scolded by your mother
Bloody head since then
I am most afraid of you